Using ServiceMonitors directly (#312)
kubewarden/docs: docs/operator-manual/telemetry/metrics/01-quickstart.md

## Install Prometheus

We will use the [Prometheus Operator](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator),
that allows us to define Prometheus' Targets intuitively.

There are many ways to install and set up Prometheus. For ease of deployment, we will use the
Prometheus community Helm chart.

Let's install the Prometheus stack Helm Chart:

:::note
At time of writing the latest chart version is `51.5.3`
:::

```console
helm repo add prometheus-community https://prometheus-community.github.io/helm-charts

helm install --wait --create-namespace \
  --namespace prometheus \
  --version 51.5.3 \
  --values kube-prometheus-stack-values.yaml \
  prometheus prometheus-community/kube-prometheus-stack
```

The `prometheus-operator` deployed as part of this Helm chart defines the concept of [Service
Monitors](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/master/Documentation/design.md#servicemonitor),
 to define which services should be monitored by Prometheus declaratively.

> In our case, we are adding a Service monitor targeting the `kubewarden` namespace for services that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our case, we are adding a ServiceMonitor targeting the `kubewarden` namespace for services that
```

match labels `app=kubewarden-policy-server-default` and `app.kubernetes.io/name: kubewarden-controller`.
This way, the Prometheus Operator can inspect which Kubernetes Endpoints are tied to services matching these conditions.

Let's create the two ServiceMonitors named `kubewarden-controller` and `kubewarden-policy-server` using the following manifests:

```yaml
apiVersion: monitoring.coreos.com/v1
kind: ServiceMonitor
metadata:
  name: kubewarden-controller

>   namespace: cattle-kubewarden-system

Author: Don't we install everything then to `cattle-kubewarden-system`?

spec:
  endpoints:
    - interval: 10s 
      port: metrics
  namespaceSelector:
    matchNames:
      - kubewarden
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app.kubernetes.io/name: kubewarden-controller
---
apiVersion: monitoring.coreos.com/v1
kind: ServiceMonitor
metadata:
  name: kubewarden-policy-server

>   namespace: cattle-kubewarden-system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  namespace: kubewarden
```
